After You Apply
We're excited you've applied to CSUN!
What to Expect After Applying
Here's what to expect between now and when you receive your admissions decision.

Your application will be considered based upon the information you shared.
If you've applied for the fall semester, you can expect an admissions decision as early as mid-March, available in CSUN Portal.
If you've applied for the spring semester, you can expect an admissions decision as early as mid-November, available in CSUN Portal
What to Do After Applying
Activate your CSUN Portal account by completing the steps below:

Locate the “Activate CSUN User ID and Password” email you received from the CSUN Office of Admissions after submitting your admission application.
Visit the CSUN reset password page and enter your birthdate and your CSUN user ID, 9-digit student ID number or CSUN email address. Select the Next button.
Once you select Next, an email or text message (your choice) with a temporary password will be sent to you.
Go to the CSUN Portal login page.
On the account authentication screen, enter your CSUN user ID and the temporary password you received by email or text message.
Select Login.
Keep these credentials as you will need them to return to this page for future updates.
Email is our primary form of communication throughout the admissions process, so it’s important to keep your email address updated and check your email often.

If you forward your CSUN Gmail messages to a separate email:

Be sure to add the CSUN sender's email address to your contact list.
We recommend setting up automatic forwarding through your CSUN email account, where you’ll have the option to “Keep Gmail’s copy in the inbox.” Then, if a forwarded message is lost, you can still read the stored copy in CSUN email.  Visit Gmail Help: Automatically forward mail to another email account.
Need help? Learn more about CSU Student Email. For help logging in, visit CSUN Account Information.

Check Your Status
Review your CSUN Portal "Checklist." You'll be able to see what items CSUN has received and evaluated, as well as steps. It will also describe your application status.

Need help? Visit the CSUN Portal Checklist Guide.

Remember to Follow Up
Here are some tips to keep you on course to meeting admission requirements:

Keep Your Grades Up
Any courses listed as “in progress” or “planned” on your admissions application must be completed with the minimum required grades for your applicant group (first-time freshman, transfer, graduate, international, etc.). You must also maintain the overall GPA reported on your application

Monitor My Checklist and CSUN Email
Log in to the CSUN Portal regularly to check your admission status and review any missing items in your CSUN Portal Checklist. Read your CSUN email often for opportunities, guidance, special events and any unfinished business related to your application.

Meet Deadlines
Be sure to mark your calendar for important deadlines for transcripts, optional test scores and other documents.

If you are admitted to CSUN, your CSUN Portal will include additional tasks and deadline for Intent to Enroll, the Title IX "Not Anymore" online training and more.

Log in to your CSUN Portal regularly to check the status of your application to CSUN.


Send in Your Transcripts
We’ll be asking you for official transcripts after you apply. Be sure to log in to your CSUN Portal regularly and review your Checklist for required transcripts and due dates.

The kind of official transcripts (preliminary and/or final) and when to send them to us depends on your student category:

Your class level (first-time freshman, transfer, credential, or graduate student)
New or returning student
Domestic or international student
For important details, deadlines and instructions for sending your official transcripts, please revisit How to Apply and select your student category.

NOTE: If you are required to send us preliminary transcripts for work-in-progress, follow up by sending your final transcripts as soon as you complete the course work and your grades are posted.

If Denied
Should your admissions status change to denied due to one of the items mentioned above, your only option would be to go through an appeals process at https://www.csun.edu/prospective-students/admission-appeals

If Accepted
We will notify you with an offer of admission in My Checklist, by email and by regular mail. Be sure to update your mailing address and other contact information in the CSUN Portal, using the steps in the Update Personal Information Guide at https://www.csun.edu/current-students/update-personal-information


Please note: Admission is provisional until all eligibility requirements and deadlines have been met, including those for undergraduate students who are California residents applying to one of the impacted majors.