Colleges
At CSUN, we have nine colleges that offer a variety of degree and certificate programs. Learn about their specialties and find the one that interests you most.

Mike Curb College of Arts, Media, & Communication
Develop your passion for art, performance and communication. From music to theatre to journalism, you'll hone your skills to make a difference in the world.

David Nazarian College of Business & Economics
Learn business skills and ethical principles to become a leader in our diverse world. You'll tap into our world-class faculty and large alumni network to grow your career.

Michael D. Eisner College of Education
Be prepared to make a difference in the lives of students. Our degree and credential programs will equip you to become a teacher, counselor or administrator.

Engineering & Computer Science
Harness the power of data and engineering to create new solutions for our world. You'll contribute to a variety of business fields with industry-ready skills.

Health & Human Development
Learn the skills to enhance, enrich and empower the human experience. Serve your community as a health advocate, nurse, exercise physiologist, audiologist, environmental health specialist, youth counselor, hospitality & tourism specialist, food scientist, physical therapist, assistive technology specialist and more.

Humanities
Learn to think critically with a grounding in diversity, equity and justice issues. By studying humanities, you'll be prepared to lead in a global, inclusive world.

Science & Mathematics
Explore the world through a scientific lens to create solutions to modern problems. Your work will help people live in healthy, safe and sustainable communities.

Social & Behavioral Sciences
SBS explores all about people, past and present. Study how human behavior relates to society, why people behave as they do, how they interact with each other and their environment and how they change.

Tseng College
We offer 30+ full- and part-time programs in a variety of online, face-to-face and blended formats – all designed for professional and international students.
