A History of Forging Futures
Upon the ancestral land of the Fernandeño Tataviam Band of Mission Indians, CSUN’s history begins in fall 1956 as the San Fernando Valley campus of the Los Angeles State College of Applied Arts and Sciences. Soon afterward, the California Legislature passed an assembly bill, which decreed that the campus would separate from its parent college on July 1, 1958—the founding date of the present university. The college was renamed San Fernando Valley State College.

By the dawn of the 1970s, San Fernando Valley State College had established a solid foundation and began honing an identity that would be recognized both regionally and nationally. On June 1, 1972, by action of the Legislature and the Board of Trustees of the California State University, the college was renamed California State University, Northridge, known affectionately and for evermore as CSUN.

Today, CSUN attracts students determined to create thriving careers, purposeful lives and to build a brighter and more equitable future for all.

By the Numbers
From diversity, equity, inclusion and justice to putting thousands of graduates out into the workforce each year, CSUN leads the pack among some of the best and most respected colleges and universities in the country. This is who we are.

71%
of students are first-generation college students

147
undergraduate majors

105
master's degree programs

Additional Details
36,368
total number of students, fall 2023

Top 5 Represented High Schools
Granada Hill Senior High
Birmingham Community Charter
Francis (John H.) Polytechnic
Cleveland (Grover) High
El Camino Real Senior High
Top 3 Most Popular Majors
Psychology
Radio Television Broadcast
Computer Science
Student Population by Gender
125 Nonbinary
19,523 Women
16,720 Men
Average Student Age
23.6 years

Student Population by Ethnicity
55.8% Latino/a
19.7% White
8.9% Asian American/Pacific Islander
5.0% African American
3.1% Multi-ethnic
CSUN President Erika D. Beck
Meet Our Leadership
Leading a dedicated and compassionate team of higher education professionals, CSUN President, Dr. Erika D. Beck is a champion for the power of education to improve lives, transform communities and advance social mobility. She and the entire leadership team are tenaciously committed to providing students with the guidance and resources they need to turn dreams into dream jobs, and long successful careers.

Leadership & Administration
an aerial view of the CSUN campus
Picture Yourself Here
From the heart of the San Fernando Valley, CSUN's beautiful and expansive 353-acre campus and top-notch facilities attract students from all over Southern California and around the world.

two students walking on the CSUN campus
Opportunity for All
Diversity, equity, inclusion and justice is at the core of CSUN's values. CSUN is dedicated to a campus culture where everyone feels valued and engaged.

two CSUN students sitting outside on a bench
Visit CSUN
We're glad you're here. And we encourage you to explore even more to learn what makes CSUN so special.