Games Room
Students in the USU Games Room Esports Area
When you need affordable entertainment, check out the Games Room at the USU, located across from the Student Recreation Center front entrance. Come challenge your friends to billiards and the latest PC and console games on the market.

Live the Matador Life at the Games Room!

Join us on Discord!
Stay up-to-date with our exciting and competitive tournaments throughout the semester on the SRC Programs Discord.

Join the SRC Programs Discord Server

Hours and Contact Information
Fall and Spring Hours
Monday – Friday: 10 a.m. – 7 p.m.
(excluding night events)

Summer Hours
Closed

Contact Information
(818) 677-3603
usugrsupervisor@csun.edu

Available Services
Games List
All game availability is subject to change as we update our game library.

PlayStation

Apex
Dragon Ball FighterZ
FIFA 23
Fortnite
Mortal Kombat 11
NBA 2K 23
Rocket League
Street Fighter
Tekken 7
Nintendo Switch

Mario Kart 8
Super Mario Party
Super Smash Bros. Ultimate
PC

Aimlabs
Call of Duty: Warzone
Counter-Strike 2
Destiny 2
DOTA 2
League of Legends
Overwatch 2
Teamfight Tactics
Rocket League 
Valorant
PCs include access to Discord, OBS Studio and Spotify, as well as Logitech and Razer mouse software.


Games Room Rules
Be respectful to others.
No skateboards, scooters or bikes.
No vaping or smoking. 
No animals are allowed except for ADA service animals.
All equipment is available on a first-come, first-serve basis with a 2-hour time limit.
No mistreatment of equipment.
Equipment must be returned to the Games Room staff.
No sitting on the pool tables.
No jump or Massé shots.
No food or drinks are allowed in pool table, PC, and console gaming areas.
CSUN students may bring one guest.
Patrons may bring their own equipment, including PC peripherals, pool cues and game controllers. Please sign in at the front desk.

Games Room FAQs
Can I bring my own equipment to the Games Room?

Yes, absolutely! Everyone is encouraged to bring their own controllers, headsets, etc., but you still must sign in at the front desk!

How do I check out equipment at the Games Room?

You must have a ggLeap account to check out equipment. Visit the front desk to create your username.

Can I restart my 2-hour time limit?

Yes! If there's no one on the waitlist, you may reset your 2-hour limit. 

Is there a waitlist available for equipment?

Yes! To join the waitlist, visit the front desk with your ggLeap username and let us know which equipment you’d like to check out. You must be present in the Games Room to reserve your spot.

How to Sign Up for Tournaments
Join our SRC Programs Discord server and refer to the #Announcements channel for an Eventbrite link prior to the tournament date. 
Please arrive at least 15 minutes before the tournament start time. Roll call will occur at 5 p.m.
There is 15-minute grace period for walk-ins after the start time (if there are open spots).
Good luck! 
CSUN Esports
The CSUN Esports club is an official sports club at California State University, Northridge. Our goal is to create a strong casual and competitive gaming community through our gaming competitions, community eventsand social media content. Join our Discord server to stay in the loop for upcoming events, tournaments, club meetings, and more!  Follow our Instagram, Twitter and Tiktok @csunesports for daily updates, content and more! 