Health & Wellness
At CSUN, we're committed to more than simply providing our students with the resources they need to succeed in the classroom. We're committed to your physical, emotional, and mental health.

Klotz Student Health Center
The Klotz Student Health Center is proud to offer a wide variety of expert medical care in order to keep you feeling your best.

Primary and specialty care is provided by physicians, nurse practitioners and health educators. Specialties include acupuncture, chiropractic care, nutrition counseling, optometry, physical therapy, sexual and reproductive health exams, specialty gynecology, sports medicine, and travel medicine.

Staff and clinicians are experts in college health and provide a variety of clinical services such as:

Primary care visits
Vision
Pharmacy
Lab and x-ray facilities
Students can make an appointment 818 677-3666, option 1.

Visit After Hours Care for information. When the Klotz Student Health Center is closed on weekends, university holidays or after hours, medical care is available at local urgent-care centers or hospitals. Please note that financial responsibility rests with the student for all care beyond the scope of the Klotz Student Health Center.

University Counseling Services
University Counseling Services (UCS) is a mental health center for students enrolled at CSUN. UCS enhances student well-being and academic success through the provision of a range of high-quality mental health services including:

Initial evaluations
Short-term counseling and psychotherapy
Wellness workshops
Group treatment
Psychiatric services
Crisis/urgent care services and case management
UCS services are free, confidential and accessible, including a psychologist who is able to provide mental health services in American Sign Language (ASL), creating a welcoming and safe environment affirming individual and cultural diversity while also promoting inclusion.

Oasis Wellness Center
Conveniently located in the University Student Union (USU), the Oasis Wellness Center (Oasis) is a destination where you can relax, refocus and find serenity amid the college grind.

From nap pods to massage and relaxation chairs, to guided meditation, wellness classes and workshops and more, Oasis has something for everyone. The center maintains a list of campus and USU wellness resources designed to help students make their mental and physical wellbeing a priority in college.

Institute for Community Health and Wellbeing (HWB)
HWB is a collaborative of campus and community members committed to enhancing the health and wellbeing of individuals, families, organizations and communities within CSUN’s service region. HWB's primary mission is to foster healthful living through community and campus partnerships.

YOU@CSUN
YOU@CSUN is a comprehensive online wellbeing platform intended to enhance student mental health, physical wellness, happiness, and academic success, and to connect students to information, campus resources, peers, and opportunities. It looks at students holistically and is intended to provide students access to a wealth of content and campus resources across three domains:

Succeed: academics, career path, learning style, and leadership
Thrive: personal well-being including physical and mental health
Matter: purpose, community, and social connections
For the latest information regarding COVID-19, visit CSUN Matadors Forward.