Reservations and Event Services
The University Student Union at CSUN is located in Southern California’s beautiful San Fernando Valley and provides an ideal location for meeting and event planners. With a wide variety of attractive multipurpose rooms, our versatile facilities can easily accommodate any event from intimate receptions to trade shows and conferences. The Reservations & Event Services office is recognized as a student training facility where the staff receives hands-on training while actively providing on-site professional meeting planning assistance.

Vision Statement
Reservations & Event Services will be recognized as a premier university-based meeting and event facility in the San Fernando Valley, by consistently providing cost-conscious, reliable, and genuine service to our customers.

Mission Statement
To serve the CSUN community by providing high quality event planning and support services in an attractive environment that emanates exceptional positive experiences.

Requesting a Space
All reservation requests are processed in order of receipt and are subject to room availability. Please allow up to three (3) business days to process the request. Reservation paperwork will be sent through email within that timeframe.

Our reservation calendar opens in August for next fiscal year (July through June of the next year). Notices will be sent to previous requesters informing them of the date they can submit their requests.

Request a Space
Visit the SRC website for more information regarding SRC reservations.

Who Can Make Reservations?
Happy to serve the San Fernando Valley with spaces for community events, the RES department offers reservation services to recognized student clubs and organizations, CSUN departments and private/off-campus individuals and companies. Visit our reservations page for more information on eligibility, availability and the reservation process.

Student using a laptop outside
Virtual Event Consultations and Tips
Our dedicated team here in the Reservations & Events Services Department is happy to help with all of your event planning needs! Whether it is transitioning an event into a virtual experience or introducing a completely new event, we want to help make your event as successful as possible.

Visit the Virtual Events page for more information on how the RES team can assist you.