Inquiring Minds
Ever wonder how you can help improve the health of the ocean? How our binary brains process the faces of multiracial people? How biomedical research can improve social justice in your community? At CSUN you can take part in addressing some of the world's biggest challenges.

Did You Know?
$35 million
CSUN receives around $35 million annually in research funding from over 210 awards each year.

$3 million
NASA awarded CSUN a $3 million grant to create the NASA Autonomy Research Center for STEAHM (Science, Technology and engineering, Entrepreneurship, Arts, Humanities and Mathematics).

$41 million
The National Institutes of Health gave grants totaling $41 million over 10 years, for BUILD PODER, a program aimed at increasing the number of traditionally underrepresented students in the biomedical fields.

Explore Research at CSUN
a CSUN student using a dropper in a chemistry lab
Student Research
From growing your resume and professional profile to building mentorships with faculty, the benefits of student research are many. At CSUN, research opportunities for students stretch across all disciplines, so come explore the many possibilities.

two CSUN students reviewing notes
Centers & Institutes
CSUN's centers and institutes provide the places and spaces for connection and collaboration between students, faculty and scholars. Many centers and institutes have opportunities for partnerships with the broader community as well as offering important services and programs to members of the community.

community members using singing bowls in a wellness circle
Community-Engaged Research
At CSUN, research doesn’t just happen in labs on campus. We’re out in our communities, partnering with innovative public and private sector organizations— from local nonprofits to NASA!

CSUN alumna Mina Alikani
To eventually end up in the Assisted Reproductive Technology (ART) field was really quite amazing. When I think back to how I found my way into this field, being at CSUN in the laboratory was clearly instrumental to my career path.

Alumna Mina Alikani '83 (Biology), M.Sc.

Stephen B. Oppenheimer, Ph.D.


Dr. Nhut Tan Ho



Dr. Maria Elena Zavala, Professor of Biology
Research & Sponsored Programs
The Research and Sponsored Programs office (RSP) manages all grants and contracted programs for the University, and all topics related to research integrity. RSP provides numerous resources to support research and has administrative oversight of CSUN Centers and Institutes.