Title: Advance Academic Excellence
Description: We seek to advance knowledge in service of the common good by expanding inquiry and discovery through high quality teaching, research, and scholarly and creative activities that are interdisciplinary, innovative, and firmly grounded in an equity framework. Priorities ⮚     Continue to expand infrastructure and support for faculty and academic programs that advance excellence in teaching, research and creative endeavors. ⮚     Hire more tenure-track faculty who are dynamic and innovative teachers and scholars, and who demonstrate expertise in inclusive pedagogy and cultural competence. ⮚     Ensure equitable faculty hiring practices to increase recruitment, hiring, and retention of diverse faculty to teach and mentor a richly diverse, post-traditional student population. ⮚     Recognize and celebrate the achievements of our faculty in expanding the frontiers of knowledge and across the spectrum of the academic enterprise. ⮚     Celebrate faculty whose inclusive pedagogy achieves positive outcomes, ensuring their approaches and techniques are widely shared. ⮚     Celebrate community cultural wealth, proactive innovation, progress, and a passion for learning for all. ⮚     Recruit and elevate the expertise of staff who are diverse, dynamic, proactive innovators, and passionate about serving a richly diverse and changing student population. ⮚     Intentionally cultivate and grow capacity to adapt equitably to changing needs, contexts, and opportunities. ⮚     Embed the changing future of work into our academic programs, practices and co-curricular activities. ⮚     Continue to support and promote convergence and foster interdisciplinary collaborations across campus and beyond. 

Title: Disrupt Systemic Inequities
Description: We seek to advance structural equity and hold ourselves accountable for defining, examining and realizing changes needed to demonstrate equity in all aspects of our CSUN community. We seek to act with urgency to develop a collective understanding of and commitment to our core JEDI values and build an equity infrastructure that aligns institutional initiatives with our values.  Priorities ⮚     Center our core equity values in our communication and engagement across differences. ⮚     Engage diverse stakeholders into planning efforts to evolve our institutional culture, structures, and practices to advance equity. ⮚     Apply an equity lens to policies, practices, and programs to investigate systemic inequities, using evidence to ideate and innovate equity-centered solutions. ⮚      Proactively review disaggregated data by race and ethnicity consistently to evaluate, assess, and leverage reporting systems to promote individual and institutional accountability for advancing JEDI values, institutional goals and priorities to improve student, faculty, and staff experiences, foster belonging, and achieve equity. ⮚      Expand data functionality and analytics to explore multiple factors of intersectionality that impact equitable outcomes for students and employees.

Title: Enhance Community Connections
Description: Focused on both internal and external communities, we are committed to building stronger partnerships and engaging with our community to solve local, regional and global challenges.  Priorities ⮚     Promote caring and belonging within the campus community, based on our shared core equity values. ⮚     Strengthen external relationships by creating seamless connections between the community and the campus for mutual benefit. ⮚     Deepen our partnerships with surrounding communities and broaden public understanding of CSUN as an intellectual, economic and cultural resource. ⮚     Develop a culture of philanthropy designed to expand opportunities for greater engagement in support of our programs, students, and campus. ⮚     Harness technology to facilitate engagement and connection in our teaching and learning by supporting the use of systems and solutions that enhance our academic mission.

Title: Facilitate Holistic Student Success
Description: We strive to ensure authentic access and timely degree progression for our students while eliminating barriers and empowering student agency across the university by elevating identity-based resources to holistically serve our students and our communities, leverage our institutional strengths, and celebrate our cultural assets. Priorities ⮚     Use an equity lens to assess current student academic retention, persistence, academic achievement and graduation outcomes and proactively review policies, processes and practices to better support students, eliminate equity gaps and ensure clear curricular pathways. ⮚     Significantly expand access to data to evaluate, invest in and scale existing student success initiatives. ⮚     Equitably provide faculty with development opportunities to develop culturally responsive and inclusive pedagogy and instructional methods and facilitate access to disaggregated student data to close racial equity gaps and improve teaching and learning outcomes ⮚     Expand capacity to offer students different modalities to earn a degree (degree on-line, in-person, or hybrid/hy-flex) and access support structures. ⮚     Expand access and remove language barriers to resources and co-curricular opportunities for students from historically underserved groups, formerly incarcerated individuals, and undocumented students. ⮚     Leverage technology to centralize information and share academic support resources, including effective virtual services and resources to better meet student needs and enhance our capacity to serve more students. ⮚     Create a comprehensive, accessible, and personalized student success approach to address the needs of our students from basic needs to mental health, classroom pedagogy, digital equity (access to digital technologies), experiential learning (e.g., community-service learning, undergraduate research and creative activities), academic support, and co-curricular approaches to prepare them for their futures beyond CSUN. ⮚     Invest in accessible and inclusive communication processes and technologies to better engage and inform the campus community about student success resources.

Title: Honor Our History and Aspire to a More Equitable Future
Description: We acknowledge, embrace and teach the historical legacies of social justice efforts on our campus to honor our history and hold ourselves accountable to realizing a more equitable and just future.  We will use data to inform and help set clear measures of accountability and success indicators for advancing core values, institutional goals and priorities. Priorities ⮚     Build on historical legacies of advancing social justice by embedding our history in our everyday culture and creating equitable pathways to access education, foster awareness, and engage in professional development opportunities. ⮚     Co-create shared definitions for our core equity values for campus-wide use and implementation. ⮚     Integrate core values into our operational infrastructure to inform decision-making, operations, resource allocations, fundraising priorities, and campus culture to realize our commitment to inclusive excellence. ⮚     Cultivate an equity mindset and a care-first approach to strengthen connections between students, faculty, and staff. ⮚     Put our core values into practice through open and inclusive communication, creating space to consult and engage diverse stakeholders. ⮚     Routinely assess campus climate and utilize results to enhance campus culture, equity and inclusion efforts. ⮚     Develop an institutional strategy for fostering a sense of belonging, improving retention and eliminating equity and opportunity gaps.

Title: Strengthen Capacity for Institutional Transformation
Description: We seek strategic investments that advance our mission, JEDI core values, and institutional capacity by transforming institutional structures, processes, systems, virtual and physical spaces, and investing in the diverse talent we will need to realize a more equitable and just future. Realizing our future requires generating resources and leveraging cross-divisional support from Administration and Finance, Information Technology, and University Relations and Advancement to advance sustainability and develop capital facilities and infrastructure supporting inclusive teaching and learning approaches to student success.  Priorities ⮚     Invest in the creation of infrastructure (human capital, technology, and space) to support the implementation of expanded equity-centered work. ⮚     Ensure human resources are aligned to support JEDI core values, institutional change ⮚     Honor the role that all members of the campus community play in support of student success. ⮚     Create, design, and build sustainable spaces to support innovative curriculum, instruction, research, and scholarly activities. ⮚     Create and implement a comprehensive strategic communication plan that serves to engage prospective and current students, internal and external campus constituents, and clearly defines CSUN’s unique value and identity within the context of the national higher education landscape. ⮚     Use a data-driven approach to prioritize and leverage philanthropy to advance institutional priorities and goals. ⮚     Strengthen operational systems to better support cross-campus engagement in philanthropic efforts, strategic communication, and community and government relations. ⮚     Support new technology to improve our work environments and provide the capacity to respond to internal and external systems interruptions.