Safety & Security
We're committed to keeping you safe on campus, creating an inclusive and welcoming community where everyone feels at home, providing important student safety and security programming, and making sure you feel safe and secure wherever you go on campus.

Community Policing Team
Through the Community Policing Team, the Department of Police Services provides the residence hall complex with a dedicated team of campus police who patrol the area. Among other services provided to the housing community are crime prevention programming, resident safety and problem-solving training and ongoing campus partnerships.

Matador Patrol
Matador Patrol is a student-operated community service organization, operating under the guidance of the Department of Police Services, that provides after-dark personal safety escort services for students, faculty, staff and visitors on campus.

All members of the Matador Patrol, known as Community Service Assistants (CSA), receive basic training. Matador Patrol’s mission is "to serve our academic community by providing night-time personal safety in an efficient and friendly manner."

On-Call Duty System
Every night, on-call resident advisors walk the communities, visit residents, look for security and maintenance concerns and address policy violations. Community directors are also on call 24/7. Duty staff phone numbers are posted in residence lobbies.

Emergency Blue Light Call Boxes
Located across the CSUN campus are emergency blue light call boxes that instantly link callers to CSUN police dispatchers. The emergency call boxes can be identified by their distinct tower-design and blue light located on the top of each unit. Lights are automatically lit after dark and flash when in use to draw attention.

Police Substation in University Park
The substation serves as the operational base of the Community Policing Team and enables students to take care of basic police services and obtain crime prevention information. The substation is conveniently located in Parking Lot G7, Student Housing Building 14, in University Park.

Residence Hall Building Access
Entrances to all residential buildings, including lobbies, hallways, apartments, pool areas and computer labs are locked and can only be opened with electronic key cards issued to residents. Guest registration assistants and community service assistants staff residence hall entrances to confirm residency of people entering the complex and register invited visitors. Resident hosts must accompany their guest(s) at all times while in the complex.

Student Parking
There are three types of parking permits available to students: semester, academic year (two semesters) and student residential. Student residential permits are ideal if you are living in Student Housing. To register a bike on campus, visit the the Matador Bicycle Compound online.

For additional information, review the campus map.

Clery Security and Fire Safety Report
CSUN’s Annual Security and Fire Safety (Clery) Report is available online or by contacting the Department of Police Services at (818) 677-3224.

The report includes statistics for the previous three years concerning crimes that occurred on campus, in certain off-campus buildings or property owned or controlled by the University, and on public property within or immediately adjacent to the campus.

Additionally, the report includes institutional policies concerning campus security, alcohol and drug use, crime prevention, reporting of crimes, sexual assault, fire safety and other matters.

Department of Police Services, Crime Prevention Unit
The Crime Prevention Unit provides free crime prevention presentations on a wide array of topics for students, staff, faculty, fraternities, sororities, clubs, organizations and departments on campus. Students are encouraged to visit the unit’s webpage for a list of student crime prevention resources.