Services
Smiling students sitting in USU lounge space
Study Areas
Locations
Sol Center (2nd Floor)
Sol Center Tower (2nd and 3rd Floors)
East Conference Center  (1st and 2nd Floors)
Former Pub Sports Grill (between Subway and Grand Salon)

Lounge Areas
Locations
Sol Center (1st and 2nd Floors)
East Conference Center (1st and 2nd Floors)

Charging Stations
Looking for a quick and convenient place to charge your smart devices right here on campus? Now you can recharge them all at our conveniently located USU Charging Stations located around the University Student Union. 

Come charge your devices at the following locations:

USU Computer Lab
East Conference Center 
Oasis Wellness Center
Pride Center
Sol Center (TV Lounge, 1st Floor Lounge, 2nd Floor Study Room)
Student Recreation Center
Veterans Resource Center

Foot Washing Station
The USU offers private Foot Washing Stations for visitors to the Prayer/Meditation/Reflection Room located on the East Conference Center’s first floor. This wheelchair accessible room features both seated and standing foot washing options with temperature controlled faucets. These facilities are available for use during USU hours of operation.

Gender-Inclusive Restrooms
A gender-inclusive restroom is a safe and welcoming place for people of all gender identities and expressions. CSUN provides access to several non-gendered restrooms to reduce the implications trans and gender non-conforming people can encounter in labeled restrooms. 

Gender-Inclusive Restroom Locations
Looking for gender inclusive restrooms on campus? Below is a list of on-campus restrooms and where to find them:

Gender-Inclusive Restroom Locations
Building Code	Building Name	No. Restrooms	Floor No.	Region
AR	Arbor Court	2	1	Center
BC	Brown Center	1	1	North
CR	Chaparral Hall	1	2	South
CC	Children's Center	2	1	North West
CY	Cypress Hall	2	1, 2	South
ED	Education Building	1	2	West
EH	Eucalyptus Hall	1	B	Center
EU	Extended University Commons	3	1, 2, 3	West
IA	Intercollegiate Athletics Office	2	1	West
LH	Laurel Hall	2	1	North
MA	Maple Hall	12	1, 2, 3	Center
MH	Monterey Hall	9	1, 2, 3	South East
USU	Northridge Center	2	1	East
OWC	Oasis Wellness Center	6	B	East
UL	University Library	2	1	Center
SN	Santa Susana Hall	2	1	South
SH	Sierra Hall	1	1	South
ST	Sierra Tower	2	8	Center
USU	Sol Center	2	2	East
AK	Student Health Center	1	2	South
SRC	Student Recreation Center	4	1, 2	East
SB	Sustainability Center/ AS Recycling	4	1	Center
TS	The Soraya	1	1	South
Want more map options? Visit https://www.csun.edu/csun-maps to view a 2D and 3D campus map of gender inclusive restrooms!

Know of a restroom not listed? Email us and let us know at: lgbtqadvisory@csun.edu



Lactation Spaces
Santa Susana Hall(SN 104)
By appointment. Call(818)677-7715 or email wellbeing@csun.edu

Klotz Student Health Center
By appointment. Call(818)677-3666

University Student Union(East Conference Center)
First come, first serve. See USU Representative for access. Call (818) 677-2251 or email usu@csun.edu

Sequoia Hall(SQ 120)
By appointment. Contat the Marilyn Magaram Center at (818)677-3102

College of Education(ED 1110)
By appointment. Call(818)677-7715 or email wellbeing@csun.edu

Bayramian Hall(Lobby)
Mamava Lactation Pod. Download Mamava app on Android or iPhone. For questions regarding pod call
(818)677-7715 or email wellbeing@csun.edu

Prayer/Meditation/Reflection Room
The USU offers a Prayer/Meditation/Reflection room located on the first floor of the East Conference Center. The room is available to ALL CSUN community members for quiet prayer, meditation or reflection during normal USU hours of operation.

Wellness Vending Machine
CSUN is the first institution in the California State University system to offer a Wellness Vending Machine, the discreet way for students to access wellness resources on campus. This private dispensary, located in the Sol Center of the University Student Union, provides students with access to essential health and wellness resources in a convenient way, at an affordable price and during flexible hours.

Items offered include:

Condoms/Lube
Emergency Contraceptive (ECP)
Pregnancy Tests
Tampons/Pads
Tylenol/Ibuprofen
Campus Sponsors Include:

The Women’s Research and Resource Center, Klotz Student Health Center, The University Corporation, The University Student Union, The F Word, The Department of Social Work and Associated Students.