Study Abroad
Where will you go and what will you study for this once-in-a-lifetime study abroad experience?

With endless options ranging from studio art in Italy, to engineering in Chile, to international business in France and hundreds more, CSUN offers unique study abroad experiences for all students, regardless of academic major.

Study Abroad Programs
The California State University, Northridge (CSUN) International & Exchange Student Center (IESC) provides students with semester and year-long study abroad opportunities through CSUN-affiliated exchange programs such as California State University International Programs (CSU-IP) and Campus-Based Exchange Programs (CBEP).

CSU-IP
CSU-IP offers study abroad programs in 18 different countries across the world.

You can find yourself studying child development and diversity in Copenhagen, Denmark; attending Nelson Mandela University in Port Elizabeth, South Africa; traveling to Madrid, Spain to sharpen your Spanish skills; learning about international liberal studies in Tokyo, Japan or studying economics in Birmingham, England.

Campus-Based Exchange Programs
Study abroad destinations for CBEP students include Armenia, Denmark, France, Germany, Japan, South Korea and Spain. Depending upon the exchange program, students study abroad for either a semester or year. 

Programs offered through CBEP include everything from studying visual and performing arts in Seoul, South Korea; business and economics in Nancy, France, and computer and engineering science in the Republic of Armenia.

China Scholarship Program
Since 1999, CSUN students and alumni have received 67 full scholarships from the China Scholarship Council (CSC) to live and study at top universities in China at institutions such as Peking University, Beijing Film Academy, Central Academy of Fine Arts, Central Theatre Academy, Shanghai Fudan University, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, Wuhan University of Science and Technology and Central China University of Science and Technology.

Fulbright Fellowship Program
The Fulbright Program is the leading international exchange program sponsored by the U.S. government and is designed to provide students and professionals with a bachelor's degree, the opportunity to study, teach and conduct research worldwide.

This program offers opportunities for students and professionals to undertake international graduate study, advance research and university teaching, and teaching in elementary and secondary schools in more than 100 countries.

CSUN encourages all graduating seniors, graduate students and alumni to consider applying to the prestigious program to advance their understanding of other cultures and to further their study and research endeavors. If you are an undergraduate student in senior standing or if you are a current graduate student, you may apply for this grant.

Department of Modern and Classical Languages and Literature (MCLL)
The Department offers curricula leading to proficiency in language, literature and culture that will enable individuals to function effectively in the international communities in our geographical area and throughout the world. The Department’s Programs serve and promote all academic divisions in providing students the language and cultural training necessary to support international and intercultural endeavors.

Non-CSUN Affiliated Study Abroad Programs
CSUN students can explore Non-CSUN Affiliated Study Abroad Programs.

However, if you study abroad through an external organization and not a California State University affiliated program, you will do so as an independent student since external study abroad organizations are not affiliated with California State University, Northridge (CSUN).

Students who study abroad through an external study abroad organization will be on a leave of absence if the program is during the regular CSUN semester. Students are not eligible for financial aid through CSUN when participating in an external study abroad program.

COVID-19 UPDATE:

CSUN students applying for study abroad and/or exchange should be aware that all future plans will be contingent upon CSU travel restrictions and health advisories at that time. The International and Exchange Student Center will relay any decisions that might impact program participation as updates become available. Students are encouraged to continue planning and preparing for their study abroad/exchange experience, as the IESC will continue to work with students on all possible options if any program changes do occur.

Study Abroad Resources

Information Sessions

To learn more about topics including financial aid available for study abroad, health and safety information, country background notes, pre-departure requirements and more, visit our Useful Resources web page.